all right who got a lot done tonight
you got the new top end in everything
synched back up in there and started
after a few kicks I had one of the lines
was kind of pinched I'm going to finagle
that but afterwards it just dried up and
this guy right here is running very
sweet I'm missing one the Blair boot
right there got three brand new ones
the fourth ones floating around here
somewhere and god only knows tore this
place apart still can't find it so I
actually contact the duty savings want
to send me another one pretty much for
free let's see what this guy does these
are totally cold pipes it's a cold start
pull the choke out normally just one
little tickle
that's pretty good even with one boot
five pinkies you gotta let them warm up
on the other side
so I got the carbs synched up still on
all four cylinders with the st. gage and
get that other car boot stuck on there
and and we can worry about making it
pretty I found a brand a brand spanking
new suit they don't get any newer than
this one should complement it pretty
well we got the side covers um somewhere
around here just slap some paint on them
here's the our five should buy a write
up first kick see
this this is with the new Vito's Pistons
it's when I piss off the whole
neighborhood if our revenue let's take a
while you're supposed to warm them up
that cast Pistons before you do anything
plus a brand new so gonna be cranking on
this guy anytime soon I'm gonna do a
bunch of slow poking around the
neighborhood around town four-stroke s
riding and she's back up got some badges
on the way make her pretty again and I
gotta do the fork seals I thought this
was for me let's hit a Clemson sticker
on the fork some student was riding this
in 2001 and I'd only assume they picked
it because the orange I guess I thought
was kind of funny so that's it pretty
pretty good day a lot done a a little
bit more to do as always but plays nice
when you can hang your hat at the end of
the day and feel like you've made some
progress and not be don't be stuck
thinking all night about what what
something could be that's it